this is a 1962 dodge town wagon it is
their expression of a pickup said a
pickup that's been modified to make a
kind of station wagon and Chevy and GMC
had similar vehicles so this is a very
stylized people hauler it's got a 361 v8
in it and as you can see it's nice brown
paint for a good body work here a Dodge
100 truck
nice wheel covers I think they probably
would have been on the Dodge car there
you can see a couple bolts where the
side view mirror would have been so it's
missing a side view mirror looking
inside you can see it has a painted -
it's painted the color of the of the
vehicle and push-button TorqueFlite
transmission there it has an added tack
down the bottom of the screen there
otherwise it appears pretty stock
as a nice headliner fabric it liner
looks like original type of poultry on
the door panels and seats and noted the
Scout of second row of seating it's got
the wraparound windshield
very nicely done inside
so this being an auction car I can open
and close the doors at will and notice
instead of that big sideview mirror it
has a small mirror there on the upper
part of the door frame so they evidently
replaced the original much bigger a
mirror with the smaller one you know the
Chevy would have the carry-all and the
GMC we have another vehicle very similar
to this so there was direct competition
the doors here in the back of our truck
like and you can see the large area
behind the backseat
in fact
if my eyes don't deceive me I think
that's a third row of seating and that's
indeed so this has three rows of seating
I slipped up on that originally
okay there's another view of the dash
very nice truck